Apply component documentation content improvements (#2674)
jpmorganchase/salt-ds: site/docs/components/radio-button/accessibility.mdx

- On focus, the screen reader should:

  - Identify the radio button.
  - Read out the text.
  - Express the state.

### Keyboard interactions

<KeyboardControls>
<KeyboardControl keyOrCombos="Tab">

- Tab moves focus to the checked radio button in the radio button group.
- If the user hasn't checked a radio button, Tab moves focus to the first radio button in the group.

</KeyboardControl>
<KeyboardControl keyOrCombos="Space">

> - If the user hasn't checked the radio button with focus, Space changes the state to checked.

Reviewer: The wording here makes it sound like you can check a radio button with focus.

```suggestion
- If the focused radio button isn't checked, Space changes the state to checked.
```
